Implement @kopf.on.resume handler (#121)
crate/crate-operator: CHANGES.rst

Unreleased
----------

> * Implemented ``@kopf.on.resume`` handler that adds the
>   ``cloud.crate.io/user-password: true`` label to each user's secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Kubernetes Secrets, that contain passwords used by CrateDB users, will
  receive a ``operator.cloud.crate.io/user-password`` label.
```
